Welcome, in this video, we're going to create new files on GitHub directly.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, on the "website" GitHub repository.
I'm going to go ahead and create a new file directly on the GitHub repository.
To do so, I can go down here, next to the branch name and the repository name,
which is really the root folder; next to that is a plus symbol.
When you hover over it, GitHub tells you that you can create a new file here.
However, if I wanted to, I could drill down into this folder
and then, under the "website/" the folder name,
you can create a new file in this location as well.
I'm going to create a new file at the root of this repository.
So, I'm going to go back to the root of the repository,
and then click on the plus mark to create a new file here.
When creating a new file, you need to give the file a name.
So next to your repository name slash, you have a field to name your file.
If you wanted to, you can get out of here by just clicking on "cancel";
that returns us directly back to the main page of our repository.
Let's go back into it. Now that we're back on the create new file,
I'm going to name this file "lipsum.txt". I'm going to go to "lipsum.com",
then copy a paragraph of lorem ipsum; copy, and then paste.
Before we save the file, we can preview it; let's give it some reasonable breaks.
There we go; that looks decent. Like before, once we are done
let's scroll all the way down to the bottom of the page, and put in our commit message:
"Create new file -- filler text". This time I'm going to decide to create a new branch,
since creating stuff really should be on a feature branch.
I'm going to name my branch "feature-lipsum",
then I'm going to click on "Propose new file". Going this way around,
we are effectively creating a pull request back into our master branch.
In addition to the commit message we had before, we also have
a pull request commit message and a comment to go along with it.
So here I'm writing in Markdown syntax. I can preview it;
you can see I have a heading and then two bullets.
Once I'm happy with this commit message and the corresponding comment,
I'm going to click on create pull request.
Since I'm the only contributor to this repository, I'm going to accept my own pull request.
So, I'm going to click on the green "Merge pull request".
I will have an opportunity to modify this message prior to going in,
I'm going to just leave it as is, and click on confirm merge.
Once I've done that, I have the opportunity to delete the branch, so I will do so.
Now that we've done that, let's click on "website".
Great, now we have our "lipsum.txt" file.
If we click on it, you can see that we have our five lines of lorem Ipsum.